Xiaoxue has started
How is that possible?
It really moved Alice
Is this a supermarket and other robots?
Xiaoxue, you are amazing
How is that possible?
Isn't this second-hand broken model just a program?
How can you complete such complex instructions?
This is hell.
It must be the track you gave you in advance.
Homeowner's robot boutique
Arrange in advance
Okay, Xiaoxue
Change another song
This is really like childhood
This is the first snow in Bandari.
Is it enough?
Would you like to change another one for you?
Xiaoxue is enough
Come back, Breeze
Is this really a super intelligent machine?
Of course, Xiao Xiao
Not only talks about all the piano music in the world
Even clean all the instruments
I didn't expect it to be so powerful
This is an intelligent machine
Much more powerful than the island country
Didn't Hu Tianyi just say to wash his hair upside down?
you
It must be all fake
Don't try to fool us
Fake is better than fake
You guys have really opened my eyes.
police
You don't just put all the fogging into storage.
Chip? No, what is fake?
Do you think that Fatty Blue can't compare to you?
First model?
Don't forget that Fatty Blue can also teach children to learn foreign languages
Is this high-tech your junk comparable to this?
Teaching kids a foreign language is high tech.
Let me show you.
Why is Mr. Black Rice Bay Red Bean Mud Card?
What does he mean?
He's telling us that I'm an idiot.